okay guys so someone asked me today what
am i doing for post-workout recovery so
there's a few things I'm doing now that
I'm never used to I'll start with the
things that I used to do I used to have
a whey protein shake the second I
finished in the gym why because that's
all I knew what am i doing now I'm
putting the whey protein to one side I'm
having real food real food is what's
going to pack on the sides it's
definitely something that is making a
big difference in my life right now I
will stuff my face stupid when I get in
from the gym I will train hard I will
come back and I will eat a huge amount
of carbohydrates a massive portion of
you know my favorite type of rice or
pasta I will have you know a big steak
whether it be Serling rum you know
whatever you want to choose but get the
proteins back in there get some
vegetables in there you know get your
fibers back into a system as well so
I'll have a massive bowl of some
broccoli I'll have carrots I'll have
some asparagus just to get it all back
in there you know because your body when
you come back on the training it's
depletes it at all of this you know you
just done something so physical that
your body is drained so you need to
replenish what your body has just been
depleted of so that's that part I like
to eat as much as I can and stuff my
face now on a perfect day if I'm not
working after I train and I have nothing
to do for the rest of the day that's
exactly what you need to do well that's
exactly what I will do is do nothing I
will literally lie there and let my body
recover I will let it rest and I'll let
it regrow if I can if I feel like you I
have a couple of sleeps
you know if I'm feeling a little bit
tired which I normally am after a
training session and a big meal you know
your body gets sleepy because your
metabolism your whole body is working to
digest the food then you know you're
gonna feel a little bit sleepy so if
that's the case and you can do it have
sleep your body is gonna grow so much
more when you're wreck when you're
actually sleeping as opposed to when
you're awake your bodies are very aware
of when you're fast asleep in deep sleep
that's when your body recovers and
that's when it that's what it grows and
rebuild
it's not in the gym you know you break
muscles down in the gym but when you
actually sleep that's when your body
repairs itself where it grows and it
comes back stronger bigger you know for
the next time so that's what I'm doing
for after my training my post-workout
meal recovery I try and get as much rest
and sleep as I can some people say that
lazy but doing it
that's my lifestyle I love the way that
I do it I will train I will eat and I
will sleep and I'll repeat that's the
way it goes you know so if you want to
see some you know real good games from
your training try that next time push
the whey protein aside it's so easy to
get pulled into this hole you have to
have your whey protein yeah okay helps
you know it gets into a system a lot
quicker than food does but real food is
gonna pack on a lot more size than a
protein shake try having three extra
meals a day as opposed to three extra
proteins a day and you'll see what I'm
talking about so that's my post-workout
recovery I train I eat I sleep I rest
let my body recover and I'm definitely
seeing results so next time you do yes
then you come out the gym just try that
and see how you feel and you will you'll
agree with me that eating food and
resting and getting as much sleep and
recovery as you can definitely helps so
try that and I hope this helps until
next time guys take care